## 16Initialization Parameters {#GUID-A1CF9B00-F0F5-4F3B-A0E0-9D6ABF775EC9}

This is an alphabetical listing of the initialization parameters you set for a Data Guard environment. It indicates if the parameter is set for the primary role or the standby role, and also provides tips for setting each parameter.

[*Oracle Database Reference*](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN001) provides complete initialization parameter information, including how to update initialization parameters by issuing the `ALTER SYSTEM SET` statement (for example, `ALTER SYSTEM SET LOG_ARCHIVE_TRACE`) or by editing the initialization parameter files. See the Oracle operating system-specific documentation for more information about setting initialization parameters. 

**Table: Initialization Parameters for Instances in an Oracle Data Guard Configuration**

Parameter | Applicable To | Notes and Recommendations  
---|---|---  
[`COMPATIBLE`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10019) = *`release_number`* |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Specify the same value on the primary and standby databases if you expect to do a switchover. If the values differ, redo transport services may be unable to transmit redo data from the primary database to the standby databases. See [Create a Parameter File for the Standby Database](creating-oracle-data-guard-physical-standby.md#GUID-06FDC24C-6E90-420B-BB63-3B6BAC4D8AFA) for an example. <br>A logical standby database can have a higher `COMPATIBLE` setting than the primary database if a switchover is not expected. <br>For rolling upgrades using SQL Apply, set this parameter according to the guidelines described in [Performing a Rolling Upgrade By Creating a New Logical Standby Database](using-sql-apply-to-perform-rolling-upgrade.md#GUID-5D2CD1E2-7A24-46EA-BA16-8854BFFE501E).   
[`CONTROL_FILE_RECORD_KEEP_TIME`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10020) = *`number_of_days`* |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Optional. Use this parameter to avoid overwriting a reusable record in the control file (that contains needed information such as an archived redo log file) for the specified number of days (from 0 to 365).  
[`CONTROL_FILES`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10021) `= ' *`control_file_name`* ', ' *`control_file_name`* ', '...'` |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Required. Specify the path name and filename for one or more control files. The control files must already exist on the database. Oracle recommends using 2 control files. If another copy of the current control file is available, then an instance can be easily restarted after copying the good control file to the location of the bad control file. See [Create a Parameter File for the Standby Database](creating-oracle-data-guard-physical-standby.md#GUID-06FDC24C-6E90-420B-BB63-3B6BAC4D8AFA) for an example.   
[`DB_FILE_NAME_CONVERT`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10038) `=` `' *`location_of_primary_database_datafile`* ',' *`location_of_standby_database_datafile`* '` |  Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  This parameter must specify paired strings. The first string is a sequence of characters to be looked for in a primary database filename. If that sequence of characters is matched, it is replaced by the second string to construct the standby database filename. You can specify multiple pairs of filenames.  
[`DB_UNIQUE_NAME`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10242) = *`Unique name for the database`* |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Recommended, but required if you specify the `LOG_ARCHIVE_CONFIG` parameter. Specifies a unique name for this database. This name does not change even if the primary and standby databases reverse roles. The `DB_UNIQUE_NAME` parameter defaults to the value of the `DB_NAME` parameter.   
[`FAL_CLIENT`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10055) = *`Oracle_Net_service_name`* |  Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  This parameter is no longer required. If it is not set, the fetch archive log (FAL) server obtains the client's network address from the `LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_`*n* parameter that corresponds to the client's `DB_UNIQUE_NAME`.   
[`FAL_SERVER`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10056) = *`Oracle_Net_service_name`* |  Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Specifies one or more Oracle Net service names for the databases from which this standby database can fetch (request) missing archived redo log files.  
[`INSTANCE_NAME`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10072) |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Optional. If this parameter is defined and the primary and standby databases reside on the same host, specify a different name for the standby database than you specify for the primary database. See [Create a Parameter File for the Standby Database](creating-oracle-data-guard-physical-standby.md#GUID-06FDC24C-6E90-420B-BB63-3B6BAC4D8AFA) for an example.   
[`LOG_ARCHIVE_CONFIG`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10237) `='DG_CONFIG=``( *`db_unique_name, db_unique_name, ...`* )'` |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Highly recommended. The `DG_CONFIG` attribute of this parameter must be explicitly set on each database in an Oracle Data Guard configuration to enable full Oracle Data Guard functionality. Set `DG_CONFIG` to a text string that contains the `DB_UNIQUE_NAME` of each database in the configuration, with each name in this list separated by a comma.   
[`LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_`*n*](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10086) `= {LOCATION= *`path_name`* \|` `SERVICE=`se*`rvice_name, attribute, attribute, ...`*`}` |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Required. Define up to thirty (where *`n`*= 1, 2, 3, ... 31) destinations, each of which must specify either the `LOCATION` or `SERVICE` attribute. Specify a corresponding `LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_STATE_`*n* parameter for every `LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_`*n* parameter.   
[`LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_STATE_`*n*](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10087) = {`ENABLE`\|`DEFER`\|`ALTERNATE`}  |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Required. Specify a `LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_STATE_`*n* parameter to enable or disable redo transport services to transmit redo data to the specified (or to an alternate) destination. Define a `LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_STATE_`*n* parameter for every `LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_`*n* parameter. See also [ LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n Parameter Attributes](LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n-parameter-attributes.md#GUID-B04FC22C-F0B0-440F-BAF4-182EE547FCC1).   
[`LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10089)=*`log%d_%t_%s_%r`*`.arc` |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  The `LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT` and `LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n` parameters are concatenated together to generate fully qualified archived redo log filenames on a database.   
[`LOG_ARCHIVE_MAX_PROCESSES`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10090) =*`integer`* |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Optional. Specify the number (from 1 to 30) of archiver (`ARC`*`n`*) processes you want Oracle software to invoke initially. The default value is 4.   
[`LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10091) |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Optional. This parameter specifies the number of local or remote MANDATORY destinations, or local OPTIONAL destinations, that a logfile group must be archived to before it can be re-used.  
[`LOG_ARCHIVE_TRACE`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10093)=*`integer`* |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Optional. Set this parameter to trace the transmission of redo data to the standby site. The valid integer values are described in [ Setting Archive Tracing](setting-LOG_ARCHIVE_TRACE-initialization-parameter.md#GUID-515A27B2-5163-42E1-A78D-B6E979BA54EB).   
[`LOG_FILE_NAME_CONVERT`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10098) `=` `' *`location_of_primary_database_redo_logs`* ','`*`location_of_standby_database_redo_logs`*'  |  Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  This parameter converts the path names of the primary database online redo log file to path names on the standby database. See [Create a Parameter File for the Standby Database](creating-oracle-data-guard-physical-standby.md#GUID-06FDC24C-6E90-420B-BB63-3B6BAC4D8AFA) for an example.   
[`REMOTE_LOGIN_PASSWORDFILE`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10184) = {`EXCLUSIVE`\|`SHARED`}  |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Optional if operating system authentication is used for administrative users and SSL is used for redo transport authentication. Otherwise, this parameter must be set to `EXCLUSIVE` or `SHARED` on every database in an Oracle Data Guard configuration.   
[`SHARED_POOL_SIZE `](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10202)`= bytes` |  Primary<br>Logical Standby<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Optional. Use to specify the system global area (SGA) to stage the information read from the online redo log files. The more SGA that is available, the more information that can be staged.   
[`STANDBY_FILE_MANAGEMENT`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10212) `=` `{AUTO \| MANUAL}` |  Primary<br>Physical Standby<br>Snapshot Standby |  Set the [`STANDBY_FILE_MANAGEMENT`](https://docs.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/sbydb&id=REFRN10212) parameter to `AUTO` so that when data files are added to or dropped from the primary database, corresponding changes are made in the standby database without manual intervention. If the directory structures on the primary and standby databases are different, you must also set the `DB_FILE_NAME_CONVERT` initialization parameter to convert the filenames of one or more sets of data files on the primary database to filenames on the (physical) standby database. 